BUILD.md, before:

# Build LLDBMI2

You will need LLDB's header files to LLDBMI2 and LLDB's framework to run it.

LLDB Framework provided with Xcode doesn't include headers files, and LLDB's headers extracted from LLVM's project tree are provided for your convenience.

LLDB Framework provided with Xcode can be used to run LLDBMI2.

LLDBMI2 comes as an eclipse C++ project.

# Build LLDBMI2 from Eclipse
##LLDBMI2 can be imported ...
- With GIT in shell windows
  - From Eclipse, create a new workspace or use an existing one (e.g. /Users/**_user_**/git-lldbmi2)
  - In a shell window, navigate to your workspace (e.g. /Users/**_user_**/git-lldbmi2)
  - From the shell window, import the GIT project: `git clone https://github.com/freedib/lldbmi2.git lldbmi2`
  - From Eclipse, import the project with menu `File -> Import`. Select `General -> Existing projects in Workspace`, then navigate up to the imported tree (just click Browse). You will need to import all projects (at least lldbmi2 and lldb-headers).
- From Eclipse with Egit
  - From Eclipse, create a new workspace or use an existing one  (eg /Users/**_user_**/git-lldbmi2)
  - Import the project with menu `File -> Import`. Select `Git -> Projects from Git`, then click `Next` and `Clone URI`.
  - Copy `https://github.com/freedib/lldbmi2.git` in URI field, click `Next`, choose Master and click `Next`.
  - Specify the destination directory (e.g. /Users/**_user_**/git-lldbmi2/lldbmi2 then `Next` and `Next`, then let Eclipse import projects it found.

# Test LLDBMI2 from Eclipse

A launch configuration is provided to test it. It requires the `tests` application which is provided.

# Build and install with cmake (no eclipse needed)
The default installation directory is /usr/local/bin.
- In a shell window, create a new root directory where you want to build LLDBMI2 (e.g. `mkdir ~/git-lldbmi2`)
- Navigate to your workspace (e.g. `cd ~/git-lldbmi2`)
- Import the GIT project: `git clone https://github.com/freedib/lldbmi2.git lldbmi2`. A sub-directory lldmi2 is created
- Create a build directory: e.g. `mkdir build`
- Navigate to build directory: e.g. `cd build`
- Cmake the project: `cmake ../lldbmi2`
- Build the project: `make`
- Install lldbmi2: `make install` (may need sudo)

Commit message:

Version 1.1
- Add support for Apple Developer Command Line Tools
- Add support for multi-architectures
- Add support for Linux
- Corrected a bug with logs

BUILD.md, after:

# Build LLDBMI2

You will need LLDB's header files and LLDB's library or framework to run it.

LLDB Framework provided with Xcode doesn't include headers files, and LLDB's headers extracted from LLVM's project tree (version 15) are provided for your convenience.

LLDB Framework provided with Xcode or Developer tools can be used to run LLDBMI2.

You can also build yourself LLDB and use the shared library generated.

LLDBMI2 comes as a CMake Eclipse C++ project, but can be built without Eclipse.

# Build and install with cmake (no eclipse needed)
The default installation directory is /usr/local/bin.
- In a shell window, import the GIT project: `git clone https://github.com/freedib/lldbmi2.git`.
  A sub-directory lldbmi2 is created
- Enter the directory and execute `bash build.sh`
- A build directory is created with the executable
- To install: `sudo bash build.sh install`

# Notes
- It is possible to specify a non standard framework or library location. See build.sh for options
- Mac framework (LLDB.framework) is searched on `/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/SharedFrameworks` and
  `/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/Library/PrivateFrameworks`
- Linux library (liblldb.so) is searched on `/usr/lib` and `/usr/local/lib`
- On Linux, you can install with apt. You need **lldb-12** and **liblldb-12**. You must create the following link: (package bug?)
  `sudo mkdir /usr/lib/bin; sudo ln -s /usr/bin/lldb-server-12 /usr/lib/bin/lldb-server-12.0.0`
 
# Build LLDBMI2 from Eclipse (if exending the code)
From an existing workspace, import the lldbmi2 project.
You can build it from Eclipse

# Test LLDBMI2 from Eclipse
Launch configurations are provided to test it. They requires the `tests` application which is provided and built with a build.sh option.
