README.md, before:

# LLDBMI2

A simple MI interface to LLDB.

# Context

Since Apple has withdrawn its support for GDB. The options to debug an application with CDT on Mac OS X are:

1. Use Xcode:
  - Natural for Mac OS X, but limited for sharing projects or cross compiling on Linux or Windows.
  - Not adequate for multi-language programs (eg: C with Java or Perl).
2. Install GNU GDB:
  - Easy to install from Homebrew or Macports.
  - Does not support Mac OS X dynamic libraries preventing from debugging code inside these libraries.
3. Install LLDB-MI:
  - This program is promising, but is not yet mature.
  - With Eclipse, it must be run in a manual remote debugging session implying to open a shell window and start manually a debug server with the program being debugged as argument (if there is a better way, doc do not mention it).
  - The actual version doesn’t display nor update variables correctly.
  - Many errror messages with Eclipse (command arguments nor recognized(.
  - The code is complex and not easy to debug for a newcomer.

LLDBMI2 is a lightweight alternative to LLDB-MI on Mac OS X.
It should be useful until LLDB-MI gets enough maturity or better, if Eclipse supports directly LLDB.
It could be adapted to Linux or Windows, but not very useful while GDB is fully operational on these platforms.

# Limitations
No remote debugging.

No support for Non-stop debugging, Multi-process debugging and Reverse debugging until LLDB support them.

# To do
Finalize attaching to a process
Implement gdb command -stack-list-arguments

Commit message:

Allo attach to a running process

README.md, after:

# LLDBMI2

A simple MI interface to LLDB.

# Context

Since Apple has withdrawn its support for GDB. The options to debug an application with CDT on Mac OS X are:

1. Use Xcode:
  - Natural for Mac OS X, but limited for sharing projects or cross compiling on Linux or Windows.
  - Not adequate for multi-language programs (eg: C with Java or Perl).
2. Install GNU GDB:
  - Easy to install from Homebrew or Macports.
  - Does not support Mac OS X dynamic libraries preventing from debugging code inside these libraries.
3. Install LLDB-MI:
  - This program is promising, but is not yet mature.
  - With Eclipse, it must be run in a manual remote debugging session implying to open a shell window and start manually a debug server with the program being debugged as argument (if there is a better way, doc do not mention it).
  - The actual version doesn’t display nor update variables correctly.
  - Many errror messages with Eclipse (command arguments nor recognized(.
  - The code is complex and not easy to debug for a newcomer.

LLDBMI2 is a lightweight alternative to LLDB-MI on Mac OS X. It allows:
- Debug a local pplication
- Attach to a running process.

It should be useful for Mac OS x users until LLDB-MI gets enough maturity or when Eclipse will support directly LLDB.

# Limitations
No remote debugging.

No support for Non-stop debugging, Multi-process debugging and Reverse debugging until LLDB support them.

# To do
Finalize attaching to a process
Implement gdb command -stack-list-arguments
